feat: split request params (#952)
sparckles/Robyn: docs_src/src/pages/documentation/api_reference/getting_started.mdx

Reviewer: Amazing! Love it @VishnuSanal ❇️

    from robyn import jsonify

    @app.post("/jsonify/:id")
    async def json(request):

>         print(request.path_params["id"])

Reviewer: we should also add an example that uses `request.path_parameters`

        return {"hello": "world"}

    ```

    ```python {{ title: 'typed' }}
    from robyn import jsonify
    from robyn.types import PathParams

    @app.post("/jsonify/:id")

>     async def json(pp: PathParams):

Reviewer: @VishnuSanal , this should be of the same name as the `untyped` version. We should add another example with the description suggestion that you don't need to use the reserved keywords. Also, explaining that the `typing` will take precedence over reserved keywords.

    ```python {{ title: 'untyped' }}
    @app.get("/query")
    async def query_get(query_params):
        query_data = query_params.to_dict()
        return jsonify(query_data)
    ```

    ```python {{ title: 'typed' }}
    from robyn import Request
    from robyn.robyn import QueryParams

    @app.get("/query")
    async def query_get(query_params: QueryParams):

>         query_data = query_params.to_dict()

Reviewer: same here. we should have. an example of `request.query_params` as well.

    ```python {{ title: 'untyped' }}
    @app.get("/query")
    async def query_get(request, query_params):
        query_data = query_params.to_dict()
        assert query_data == request.query_params.to_dict()
        return jsonify(query_data)
    ```

    ```python {{ title: 'typed' }}
    from robyn import Request
    from robyn.robyn import QueryParams

    @app.get("/query")
    async def query_get(req_obj: Request, query_params: QueryParams):
        query_data = query_params.to_dict()
        assert query_data == req_obj.query_params.to_dict()
        return jsonify(query_data)
    ```

    </CodeGroup>
  </Col>
</Row>

<Row>
  <Col>

>   Any request param can be used in the handler function either using type annotations or using the reserved names. Please note that the type annotations will take precedence over the reserved names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Any request param can be used in the handler function either using type annotations or using the reserved names.
  
  <b>
 Do note that the type annotations will take precedence over the reserved names.
 </b>
```
